---
layout: post
title: Intro
categories: ["miscellaneous"]
date: 2025-01-03 13:45 +0000
---
# Introduction - Welcome to my Blog!
Hello! Welcome to my blog, this should be the first post and as an opener I'd like to discuss on why to open one in the first place?

For some time I've thought on opening a blog in order to place my ideas in a more "tangible" place, here I plan to add IoT projects, rants and opinions on (mostly) tech, specifically IoT as it is my career (so far) and hobby.

## Why a blog?

I have come to the conclusion that all social media are some sort of compromise, and now with the era of AI and evermore sophisticated bots, the internet as we know it is changing, specifically the content we consume. Sooner rather than later [we will be engaging with bots](https://www.rollingstone.com/culture/culture-news/meta-ai-users-facebook-instagram-1235221430/h=j), I guess the dead internet theory was actually a prophecy. 

I believe that owning your platform will pay off as you don't have to involve yourself in the dynamics of each social media. For example:

* **LinkedIn**: Corporate slop, 90% of posts are engagement farming, or cringe.
* **Facebook**: Do I really have to explain this? 
* **Twitter**: Could be an option, but so far its full of bots, plus I don't like the idea of paying Elon for articles feature.

So, as a SWE, I should be able to come up with a solution that meets my needs right? Well, this site should accomplish that purpose.

On top of that, I believe that nowadays it is important to differentiate yourself and focus on building a personal brand. By documenting side projects and being genuine and sharing knowledge you get better chances at the current job market. Plus, who knows, maybe I inspire someone to get into IoT - a very exciting field, if you ask me! 

## How to reach out to me?
I don't intend this to be an echo chamber, but I also don't want to engage in comment moderation. I don't plant to add some comment feature soon, however if you want to reach out, please feel free to contact me on the platforms that I will have listed on the about page of this site.

I appreciate all comments :)
## TLDR
Think of this site as a blog-portfolio-rant place for myself, I aim to be as genuine as possible. My main topics will be **programming, IoT**. Feel free to contact me on the platforms listed on the main site.